Document Prismic API caching new feature (#230)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/appendices/migration-guides.md

These new features may be relevant for your existing application:

- For custom options, the Graph now exposes an `extraCost` field where you can find the rate to apply or the prices including and excluding taxes of each option and value.

> - Prismic API is now cached using the `PrismicAPI` dataloader. Ensure your `caching.js` config supports this key if you want to benefit from it. A specific `front-commerce:prismic:cache` debug flag allows you to view usage information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prismic API calls are now cached using the `PrismicAPI` dataloader. Ensure your `caching.js` config supports this key if you want to benefit from it. A specific `front-commerce:prismic:cache` debug flag allows you to view usage information.
```
